This is a set of instructions for quickly setting up and running PHAML.
If you run into problems, see USER_GUIDE for more detailed instructions.

These instructions will build and run the "simple" example, which is
contained in examples/simple.  To solve your own problems, you can take a
similar example and modify it.

You may need to obtain other software before compiling PHAML.  In particular,
you need a Fortran 90 compiler, a PVM or MPI library (unless you are
going to run on just one processor) and an OpenGL library, GLUT and f90gl
(if you are going to use graphics).  See section III in USER_GUIDE if you
need any of these.

The first step is to modify mkmkfile.sh for your system(s).  You will
need to edit this to set paths, command names, library names, etc.
Instructions for editing it are contained in the file.  You only need
to modify the mkmkfile.sh in the root PHAML directory.

Once modified, you run mkmkfile.sh to create a Makefile.  First run
"mkmkfile.sh help" to see a list of the configuration parameters,
legitimate values, and default values.  Then run mkmkfile.sh with
a space-separated list of parameters and values if you want to override
defaults, for example
./mkmkfile.sh PARLIB pvm GRAPHICS none

Now just type "make".  If there are errors in the src/Makefile, you can fix them
in src/Makefile (temporary solution) or in mkmkfile.sh and/or src/mkmkfile.sh
(permanent solution).  This creates the PHAML library lib/libphaml.a and
copies the module files (if your compiler uses them, for example *.mod) to
the directory "module".

Change to the directory examples/simple and type "make".  (Again, if there
are errors in the Makefile you can fix them in Makefile or mkmkfile.sh.)
This creates up to three executables: phaml, phaml_slave and phaml_graphics.
phaml_slave is not created if PARALLEL is not messpass_spawn, and
phaml_graphics is not created if GRAPHICS is none.

If you are using PVM, then copy the executables to $HOME/pvm3/bin/$PVM_ARCH
(or, what I do is create a symbolic link in that directory to the executables).

Now start up any demons you need for the message passing library, and
run phaml as you would any program under that message passing library,
whether it is just typing "phaml" at the command line, or using some
launching program like mpirun.

If you are using graphics, the arrow keys pan, left mouse button rotates,
middle mouse button zooms, and right mouse button brings up a menu which
contains a large number of ways to change the graphics.  You are encouraged
to play with it.
