This is PHAML version 1.8.0, April 9, 2010
Please report all bugs, problems, questions, suggestions or even complements
to phaml@nist.gov.

If you would like to be added to the PHAML announcement email list, send
a request to phaml@nist.gov.  This is a very low volume list used only for
announcements concerning PHAML.

PHAML stands for Parallel Hierarchical Adaptive MultiLevel.  It solves
linear elliptic partial differential equations of the form
(CXX*Ux)x - (CXY*Uy)x + (CYY*Uy)y + CX*Ux + CY*Uy + C*U = F on 2D domains with
Dirichlet, Natural (often Neumann), mixed or periodic boundary conditions, and
eigenvalue problems where F is lambda*U and the boundary conditions are
homogeneous.  It uses linear or high order finite elements over triangles,
adaptive refinement (possibly hp-adaptive), multigrid and message passing
parallelism.

To start using PHAML immediately, see the Quick Start section of the User's
Guide.

To see what has changed since the last release, see the Release Notes section
of the User's Guide, and look for red text in the User's Guide.

PHAML is public domain software.  It was produced as part of work done by
the U.S. Government, and is not subject to copyright in the United States.

William F. Mitchell
Mathematical and Computational Sciences Division
National Institute of Standards and Technology
william.mitchell@nist.gov
http://math.nist.gov/phaml

The following files in subdirectory doc provide information:

AUXILLARY -- information on compiling the optional auxillary software
             packages.  This is mainly so I don't have to keep reinventing
             the wheel everytime I update these packages, but you might
             find it useful, too.  It also indicates what version is the
             newest one I have used.

HINTS -- information on using the auxillary software packages.  Again it
         is mainly a reminder to myself, for things like how to start
         an MPICH job, how to use LAM with ssh, how to specify an alternate
         debugger with PVM, etc.

KNOWN_PROBLEMS -- a list of things that aren't quite right.

LICENSE -- PHAML is public domain software.  Here are the details.

QUICKSTART -- instructions for quickly getting PHAML running.

user_guide.pdf -- a comprehensive user's guide and reference manual
